# Smart-Green-House
Arduino project
Greenhouse  Automation  System  is  the technical approach  in  which  the  farmers  in  the  rural  areas  will  be benefitted by automatic monitoring and control  of  greenhouse  environment.   It    replaces   the  direct   supervision   of   the  human.   In   this  paper   the  different   papers   have   been  reviewed  and  developed the  proposed  system  based  on  the  limitation  in  the present  monitoring  system.  It  also  focuses  on  the  Generic Architecture which  can be applied for many other  Automation  Application.  Greenhouse   is   a    building  where  plants  are grown  in  a  controlled  manner.  Nowadays  due  to urbanization  and  lack  of  land  availability  there  is  a great  need  to  construct  the  Greenhouses  which  will  be reserved mainly for growing crops. With  the  advancement  of  technology    we    can  control    and    monitor   the    multiple  Greenhouses  using IOT from the central location wirelessly.
In this paper, the Design had been aimed data acquisition in  greenhouse for multiple sensors to use data for  simulation or processing to achieve the better enhancement of growth in greenhouse,  this   data has      effect   on   the   climate  of    greenhouse.  Graphical  User  Interfaces  (GUI)  had  been  used  through LabVIEW, firmware of arduino as  software and  arduino  board  and  sensors  as  hardware.  by  using arduino mega  board  provides  multiple  inputs  analogs  and  I/O digitals  to    made    read    data    sensor    easy    to    take temperature,  humidity,  CO2 gas,  also measuring  the soil moisture that needed for irrigation plants and the intensity of  lights that applied for  greenhouse . These factors has  the major  effect on increase in growth of plants. Greenhouse environments monitoring  different changes to parameters, the  system for this purpose had been provided   and given ability to control on climate of greenhouse.
The source code for the IDE is released under the GNU General Public License, version 2.3 The Arduino IDE supports the languages C and C++ using special rules of code structuring.4 The Arduino IDE supplies a software library from the Wiring project, which provides many common input and output procedures.
